[NUI][TCSACR-352] Update document for GridLayout (#1398)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/nui/grid-layout.md

The following table describes the properties of `GridLayout`:

| Property               | Type            | Description |
| -----------------------| --------------- | ------------ |
| `Columns`              | int             | Gets or sets the number of columns in the grid. |
| `Rows`                 | int             | Gets or sets the number of rows in the grid. |
| `GridOrientation`      | Orientation     | Gets or sets the orientation in the grid. |
| `ColumnSpacing`        | float           | Gets or sets the distance between columns. |
| `RowSpacing`           | float           | Gets or sets the distance between rows. |

<a name="columns-and-rows"></a>
## Columns and rows

The `Columns` and the `Rows` properties specify the maximum number of cells on a horizontal or vertical axis.

When the `Column` or `Row` of child is automatically set without a specified value, the value cannot exceed the number of main-axis cell which is the `Columns` value on horizontal orientation, or the `Rows` value on vertical orientation. However, it can be assigned a value that exceeds the number of cross-axis cell.

> The following figure shows how to set the `Colomns` and the `Rows` properties. Since the `GridOrientation` is set to horizontal, the row index of last item can be `2` that exceeds the `Rows` property.

Reviewer: @dasg34, this needs to be fixed.

![Column](./media/columnLayout.png)

```csharp
View layoutView = new View();
var gridLayout = new GridLayout();
gridLayout.GridOrientation = GridLayout.Orientation.Horizontal;
gridLayout.Columns = 2;
gridLayout.Rows = 1;
layoutView.Layout = gridLayout;
```
<a name="grid-orientation"></a>
## Grid orientation

The `GridOrientation` only works when a child is added without the specified `Row` or `Column` property.

 - On horizontal orientation, the children will automatically occupy empty cells from left to right.

>  - On vertical orientation, the children will automatically occupy empty cells from top to bottom.

Reviewer: @dasg34, while you make the colomns correction could you please modify this as well:
 - On horizontal orientation, the children automatically occupies the empty cells from left to right.
 - On vertical orientation, the children automatically occupies the empty cells from top to bottom.

| `HorizontalAlignment`  | Alignment       | Gets or sets the horizontal alignment of the child within the cell. |
| `VerticalAlignment`    | Alignment       | Gets or sets the vertical alignment of the child within the cell. |

## Column and row

The `Column` and `row` properties specify the cell index of the child. If these properties aren't assigned, they are automatically set depending on [`GridOrientation`](#grid-orientation), [`Columns`](#columns-and-rows) and [`Rows`](#columns-and-rows).

The following figure shows how to position child on the grid using `Column` and `Row` properties:

![gridColumnRow](./media/gridColumnRow.png)

## Column span and row span

The `ColumnSpan` and `rowSpan` properties specify the number of cells that the child can occupy. The sum of cell index and cell span should be less than the maximum number of cells specified by `Columns` or `Rows` properties.

The following figure shows how to position child on the grid using `Column` and `ColumnSpan` properties:

![gridColumn](./media/gridColumn.png)

## Horizontal stretch and vertical stretch

> The `HorizontalStretch` and `VerticalStretch` properties define how a child is resized within the space of the cell. The values can be specified as `Stretchflags` enum:

Author: Since these are properties for child of `GridLayout`, you need to use `SetHorizontalStretch()` or `SetVerticalStretch()` in `.cs`.
`GridLayout.HorizontalStretch` and `GridLayout.VerticalStretch` are available on xaml. for example,
```xaml
<View GridLayout.HorizontalStretch="ExpandAndFill" GridLayout.VerticalStretch="ExpandAndFill"/>
```

> The `HorizontalStretch` and `VerticalStretch` properties define how a child is resized within the space of the cell. The values can be specified as `Stretchflags` enum:

Reviewer: @dasg34, thanks for clarifying, could you also answer the other ones?

# Grid layout

> [!NOTE]
> Only `Columns` property is supported on Tizen 5.5.

> `GridLayout` is a grid box for the two dimensional layout. It constraints the x and y position, width, and height of the child actors.

Reviewer: This line is repeated twice, please fix it.

Author: Fixed.

> # Grid layout(Tizen 6.0 or later)

Reviewer: @mijin85cho, 
I recommend removing (Tizen 6.0 or later) from title. just the note would do if we have to retain Tizen 5.5 content for Grid Layout. Also, as per our earlier discussions on retaining information for previous versions of Tizen APIs you had mentioned that we should remove old content and keep only newer contents. How to go about in this case?

Reviewer 2: @annie-samsung 
I agree. I don't suggest to separate the page into 2 versions (Tizen 5.5 and Tizen 6.0)
Comparing to the Grid layout of Tizen 5.5, more properties are added in Tizen 6.0. 
So if  you want to keep the information that in Tizen 5.5 only `Columns` was supported, I think adding a note will do that work.

(As the Tizen 5.5's Grid layout information is merged in Tizen 6.0's Grid layout information, I think the second part of this page, from line 108 to line 132 can be removed.)

Author: Tizen 5.5's GridLayout document is removed.
Thank you for the reviewing.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you are using GridLayout on Tizen 5.5, Please refer to [Grid Layout(Tizen 5.5)](#gridlayout-tizen5.5) instead.

Author: `GridLayout` is introduced on tizen 5.5. 
I think we don't need to mention earlier version.

BTW, document of Tizen 5.5 has been removed.
Please check for latest changes of this patch.
https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1398/files

> `GridLayout` is a grid box for the two dimensional layout. It constraints the x and y position, width, and height of the child actors.

Author: > **Also is this line needed in the intro section, the property is introduced after this sentence so I feel this is not needed here yet**
> If the `Column` or the `Row` Property is not specified on the child, it is automatically assigned left to right or top to bottom depending on the `GridOrientation` Property.

Since the same description is in `Columns and rows` section, i think we can remove this line here.

![gridSpacing](./media/gridSpacing.png)

The following table describes the properties that affect the specified child:

| Property               | Type            | Description |
| -----------------------| --------------- | ----------- |
| `Column`               | int             | Gets or sets the column index of the child. |
| `Row`                  | int             | Gets or sets the row index of the child. |
| `ColumnSpan`           | int             | Gets or sets the number of columns that the child occupy. |
| `RowSpan`              | int             | Gets or sets the number of rows that the child occupy. |
| `HorizontalStretch`    | StretchFlags    | Gets or sets the value how child is resized within horizontal space of the cell where child occupy. |
| `VerticalStretch`      | StretchFlags    | Gets or sets the value how child is resized within vertical space of the cell where child occupy. |
| `HorizontalAlignment`  | Alignment       | Gets or sets the horizontal alignment of the child within the cell. |
| `VerticalAlignment`    | Alignment       | Gets or sets the vertical alignment of the child within the cell. |

> ## Column and row

Reviewer: Some example related to this property might be useful, just my opinion.

Author: Added :)

The `Column` and `row` properties specify the cell index of the child. If these properties aren't assigned, they are automatically set depending on [`GridOrientation`](#grid-orientation), [`Columns`](#columns-and-rows) and [`Rows`](#columns-and-rows).

## Column span and row span

The `ColumnSpan` and `rowSpan` properties the number of cell that the child occupy. The sum of cell index and cell span should be less than maximun number of cell specified by `Columns` or `Rows` Properties.

The following figure shows how to position child on the grid using `Column` and `ColumnSpan` properties:

![gridColumn](./media/gridColumn.png)

## Horizontal stretch and vertical stretch

> The `HorizontalStretch` and `VerticalStretch` properties define how child is resized within space of the cell. the value can be `Stretchflags` enum:

Reviewer: The `HorizontalStretch` and `VerticalStretch` properties define how child is resized within space of the cell. the value can be `Stretchflags` enum:
```suggestion
The `HorizontalStretch` and `VerticalStretch` properties define how a child is resized within the space of the cell. The values can be specified as `Stretchflags` enum:
```

**Hope this correct:** The values can be specified as `Stretchflags` enum:

![gridStretch](./media/gridStretch.png)

| Value           | Description |
| --------------- | ----------- |
| `None`          | Fits to the measured size. |
| `Fill`          | Resizes to completely fill the space. |
| `Expand`        | Expands to share available space. |
| `ExpandAndFill` | Expands to share available space and fill the space.

## Horizontal alignment and vertical alignment

The `HorizontalAlignment` and `VerticalAlignment` properties specify the alignment for the child within its cells:

![gridAlignment](./media/gridAlignment.png)

<a name="gridlayout-tizen5.5"></a>
# Grid Layout(Tizen 5.5)

> 

Reviewer: Positioning children in a grid form, the cells are of uniform size based on the first child added to the parent View. 
```suggestion
It positions the children in a grid form, the cells are of uniform size based on the first child added to the parent view.
```
